The ruin is as common a sight as any other, but the girl in light nonetheless pays it attention as she steps through.
She's been wondering what the ruins are and why they're there—wondering if this world she wanders has a past, or if its decimated landscape is only coincidental.
She feels she has to think about it, not to succumb to the bliss of ignorance.
If she wants a reason, then it might help to know the world, too.
Perhaps this is a reflection of another world?
She has seen things like it within the Arcaea, but that also makes her wonder if in this place there might be standing towers and buildings that are not in ruin.
Maybe she’s only yet to see them...
This ruin seems like it was once large, grand.
It must have been a beautiful place where many people came, she thinks.
If it did have such a past, then it is a shame.
There is only her, now, moving through pews and broken candlesticks.
There is only her, and she blinks, seeing that there is in fact somebody else.
Somebody else stands still at her left, before a broken wall.
Once, she would have grinned happily, but carelessly at this person.
As she is now, she looks at the shadow-covered girl in confusion, but certainly not without a fluttering, insuppressible feeling of elation.
Outside of a memory, here in the world and before her eyes, is a person.
All this time she's walked alone, and here is somebody else: one other living, breathing person.
The other girl doesn't notice her. She is standing in place, holding her parasol, and sleeping.
Her dark figure cuts so strongly against the rest of the world, which shines so bright in the distance, that she thinks this must be a dream or perhaps a waking memory.
She opens her mouth to speak, and the other girl opens her eyes to consciousness.
She who heralds sad and evil forgotten things opens her eyes and witnesses the changed and white-clad girl before her.
That breathing the light-bearer found so relieving stops short, and the dark girl squints, lips parted as if she means to question.
But she swallows instead and raises her brow, tightening her grip of the handle.
Her own twisted elation flows out from her heart, just as unstoppable, but so much more eager.
It climbs to her face, and the girl of chaos offers the girl of light an honest, irrepressible smile.
In the unwalled, unroofed church, known only by its skeleton chairs and white candles, the girl in black
stands near the remaining old gate, looking at the person she's just met.
It's actually quite simple: she’s been upset for so long, and now a true flesh-and-blood person is finally in front of her. She isn't thrilled. She isn't even excited. The smile on her face is an effortless lie—but it's one she can't help but tell. It says to the white-clothed girl before her, "pleasure to meet you." It means nothing.
"What's your name?" she asks in a dry voice. Maybe, in the past, she'd have realized how long it had been since she'd last spoken.
"My... name? I... I'm not sure," replies the radiant girl. "Do you? Oh—know your own... name, I mean... "
She doesn't answer the question. "That's something..." are her only words as she looks off toward an ornate wall.
The girl in white gives a bothered expression.
This... was turning out to be a strange meeting. Though the one in black doesn't know it, the one in white is beginning to share the darker girl's lack of enthusiasm. Like a fire in a sudden chill wind, her hope flickers and wanes. Now she grows uncomfortable, anxious, and wary. A slight but unshakable atmosphere drifts between them, one that feels unmistakably off. To her, it seems as though their very meeting is something the world finds to be simply... "wrong". The ever-present glass, now scattered unevenly throughout and above the broken grounds, reflects that strange feeling.
Ordinarily, these shards would flock to them without their bidding: "happiness" to the girl in white, "tragedies" to the girl in black. Right now, every piece of glass in the air stands still. Perhaps half a hundred mirrors are quietly suspended around the girls, half-catching images of the empty place that surrounds them. When the girl in white tries to call out to them, they will not even waver. It unsettles her: happiness placed beside horror, equally glinting and equally motionless. The only piece that will follow her is the one she can hold—the one that set her free. She stares hard at the shadow girl. "If we're in this together," she begins, leaning forward, "then what do you think about staying together? We... We could help each other, and maybe..."
She stops. The other girl is staring into the empty, canvas-like sky with a blank and uninformative expression. She doesn't seem to be listening, but in truth she has followed every word.
"Maybe... " the dark girl echoes. It's faint... After her reincarnation into misery, her soul itself had felt like a dull, grim abyss. However, when she heard this proposal, something inside her shimmered—very briefly and very weakly. However, as she is now, even something as tiny as that was able to pierce the shroud of frustration that had been endlessly choking her since she'd reawakened. And the remnant of the girl she used to be, the Tairitsu who had first woken up in this world, rebelled against the prospect of “the end”—against the idea of giving up. She wanted a second chance.
But her halfhearted answer isn’t enough to inspire confidence in the girl standing opposite her.
Their meeting remains careful, cautious. The Hikari who recently returned to her senses now knows that the world of Arcaea is far more than pretty—and far less than safe.
And yet the two girls will speak, with the hope that it will lead to something better.
Their conversation continues.
"It would certainly be nice if we had names to share," says Tairitsu in a fraying voice. Her eyes are again beginning to lose the shine of life.
The other girl, Hikari, notices that with some discomfort. "Yes, I can't say I like to think about it: not having any memories in a world filled with them," she admits.
At the moment, they sit upon the same pew, though not close. They've gone to what was once the front row, and a few steps in front of them lead up to a wide, flat floor. The girl in white is slouched, watching her new acquaintance with worry painting her gaze. The girl in black is examining the empty place in front of them, the sky, the dead and distant grandiose architecture—but she does so seemingly without concern or interest.
While watching, she begins to speak unprompted. "This glass. Do you know a name for it?"
"Huh? Oh... Well, for whatever reason, I know the name 'Arcaea'." "Same as me," says Tairitsu, now looking Hikari's way. "So, how are we different?"
Hikari offers an apologetic smile. "I don't know," she says, "aside from our difference in looks."
"Let's find out, then. What kind of memories do you see in the glass?"
"Almost only pleasant ones."
Tairitsu sighs. "Then we're opposites..." she remarks bitterly, looking to her feet. "Let's say we're the only two walking around this place. If that's true, our opposition could matter a great deal.”
"You don't see happy memories through the Arcaea?" asks Hikari, leaning slightly toward her conversation partner. "I'm sorry..." "...That's just how it is," says the other girl. For a short while they remain silent, until Tairitsu speaks again.
"But from what you've said... I suspect even your pleasant memories haven't resulted in a happy life for you here. Well? Am I correct?"
To this, Hikari nods. "I don't mean to make it sound as though I've had it rough since waking up, but... You see, I once gathered enough pieces that they could cover the sky. When I did, that new sky almost killed me... I felt like the light was slowly eroding my mind... I think it was mainly my own fault, to be honest."
They both feel it's best to be honest.
After Hikari tells of her naive and dangerous journey bathed in light, Tairitsu coldly recounts her tragic struggles through maelstroms of dark. The two are certainly different in quite a few ways, but one definite commonality becomes clear between them: a want of sense in a senseless world. The world around them may be beautiful, but it has also been cruel. Hikari has resolved herself, but it wasn't long ago that her very "self" had been threatened by this strange, unfeeling place. For Tairitsu, it has left her scarred: persistent, panging compulsions toward violence and wrath continue to roll up from within her like tides. Even throughout their discussions here, despite her desire to be amicable, smothering each urge from her breast has been no easy feat. This living, breathing person beside her is too enticing a target to release her frustrations on. The girl in white doesn't fail to notice how the girl in black's hold on her umbrella periodically tightens into a trembling, aggravated grip.
It hasn't been easy—a fact that holds true for the both of them.
But they continue to fight. "I think I just... I really wanted to meet somebody else," Tairitsu reveals. "Even... perhaps a few months ago, that may have been all I really wanted. However... ever since I stepped out of that black shell, I've found it difficult to hold on to such an innocent desire. I just can't muster it. When my chest isn’t feeling empty, I can't muster anything in it that isn't vile and wicked impulse. Disgusting, broken thing..." She looks at Hikari. "Even now, I keep thinking about how much I want to hurt you."
"That's fine..." says the other girl. "Maybe I'd feel that same way if I’d gone through everything that you did.
But I don't think you’re right about one thing. I don’t think your heart is as broken as you feel."
Tairitsu meets her eyes, as if asking how that could be.
"Look—you're holding back," explains Hikari, "even now. That tells me that even after everything, you're a very good person—still. You’re strong." She smiles and stands from her seat. "You're a lot stronger than me," she says, casting a momentary glance into the brilliant sky.
"I was rescued," she continues, meeting Tairitsu's eyes once more. "You rescued yourself." The shimmer inside the dark girl's chest becomes a faint glow, and an ache pulses through her. That's not true, she thinks. It isn't that simple, she thinks. She failed, and the old her died that day when the labyrinth collapsed. She'd felt nothing after that, and when feeling came back to her, it was nothing but contempt. When she’d met this girl, even, it made her want to do nothing more than take a blade and run her through.
No, she hasn’t rescued herself. However... perhaps she hasn't simply been seeking someone out to harm. Perhaps the truth is that she’s been awaiting something impossible to give her one last ray of hope. Hikari is too meek and unsure to directly comfort her, but her presence and lack of aggression signal this: she may be that last, fledgling ray. What pains Tairitsu's heart is that very innocent realization.
Her posture weakens. Hikari notices and moves to see if she can do something. But she is still unsure, and so she is ultimately unable to reach out for the other girl. She stands before Tairitsu with her arms half-raised, and in a few moments the girl in black stands by herself. Hikari drops her hands, and takes a step back. Around them, the glass sways with their movement, and one in particular begins to shine a bit differently from the others. In its reflection is something familiar, yet impossible.
It is a vision that, surely, nobody could have seen: the briefest wicked flicker of a most strange and anomalous memory.
They stand apart, Tairitsu holding a hand over her chest, fingers clenched and struggling as she takes heavy breaths. She is reinvigorated, in no small part thanks to the girl in white. Hikari has given her one precious, final reassurance. It does not have to be the end. One last path out of this white and blinding hell still exists.
An open, albeit weak, smile cuts along her face as she exhales. "Let's do something," she says. "Let's figure out this stupid, absurd world."
"I-It's not that stupid," says Hikari in mild protest, smiling herself with just as little strength. She isn't entirely positive about the other girl, but she can tell at least one thing: despite appearances, she isn’t evil. Quite the opposite, it seems. If anything, that alone is reason enough to join hands with this new potential ally. A "good" person... is not exactly how she'd readily describe herself, after all. However, while she thinks this, Tairitsu’s mood turns. "What makes you say that?" asks the panting girl, though her delivery of the question sounds much more like an accusation. Her eyes are almost hollow as they bore coldly into her opposite. "You might understand it even better than me. This is the kind of place that would break a girl for the audacity of surrounding herself in pleasures and joys." She stands up straight, calms her breath, and steadies her gaze, bringing the hand over her chest to the handle of her
parasol. "That's unconscionable. You don't agree?"
Her strength of conviction puts the other girl down for a moment, but Hikari is no longer one who is incapable of any caring. Gathering a modicum of confidence, she stands up straight herself, and delivers her explanation.
"We're alive," she says, "and if a world can permit that, then it can't be the worst thing."
"Hah...?" The other girl's glare intensifies. "No... If a world can permit life, only to plague that life with ills and grief, then that world is not just."
"W-Well, maybe not, but—"
"But?" demands Tairitsu.
"But that's shortsighted! What is it that you want to do, exactly?"
"Destroy everything. The world, the glass, all of it. I'll find a way. It's only fair, right?" she explains as a matter of fact. "I would think you'd resonate with the idea. What has this world been for you other than an expansive prison?"
"Destroy it...? Even... Even if you could, it would only end everything! This is the only world we know of that exists for certain, isn't it? If we somehow destroyed it, could we not simply destroy ourselves as well? Would you... You’d rather die than live here? Why, that's... that's ridiculous!"
"No, that's fine," says Tairitsu simply.
Hikari, not expecting that answer, falls silent. Tairitsu's words were too frightening, and far too sad.
In her silence, Tairitsu continues her interrogation. "Do you have some other idea? Some other plan?" "No... I don't. I wanted to find—to find a plan with you," admits the other girl, and dismay is clear in her tone.
And Tairitsu, in her recent recovery, recognizes this. It makes her pause. It had been too easy to lash out at this new acquaintance. She knew she wasn't being reasonable. Indeed, having just found herself with burgeoning hope again, she could clearly see how cold she’d been until their meeting. And yet, when faced with another’s hope, she'd attacked. Truly, was she that petty? In the past, this conviction of hers has never brought her satisfaction or peace, much less resolution. No, her willfulness has only ever led her down a dark, thorny path stained with gloom. With this in mind, she extinguishes the fire rising in her heart that had been so sure of its need to burn. If she wants to take this girl's hand... she cannot reject the ideas it holds.
"I... I'm sorry," she apologizes, her passion now fully relinquished. She lowers her head for a moment.
"I... feel the same. I want to work to find something new as well."
Hikari regains a bit of her self-assurance, which had been brought low before Tairitsu. She tells her new friend, "It's alright. You've had a time here I could probably never understand." But that righteous fire in Tairitsu's heart had been just enough.
Ultimately, it had only burned for a short moment, like a flash— but it was enough to rile a dormant shard in the flock of glass around them.
It awakens and, on its own, begins to drift down to where they are, still unseen.
"Don't lose hope," says the girl in light. "Things can always get better."
A shard, shimmering with faded color, comes directly between them.
It catches both their attention—but it will only show its memory to the one clad in black.
The end.
The girl adorned in shadows peers through the broken window into another time.
Her smile returns.
What a fool she was.
Not the girl in white, no.
Her.
The vision in the glass is no memory.
It cannot be, of course.
What she’s seeing is a future: a future that she should have expected, the fool, the idiot dreamer.
The glass shows an unmistakable image of herself, run through with a jagged pillar of glass, the wound seeming to sear her clothing and body apart in a blistering, pale, and consuming flame.
The blank, barren lands of Arcaea stretch out far behind her, and before her, coaxing the pillar with a lifted hand and a blinding, fiery glow around her shoulders, is a girl clad in white, a very familiar one, though her expression is hidden from this vantage.
It is the girl standing before her now.
The one she has only just met.
This is no memory: it's a vision of what will come to be.
Faced with this, Tairitsu retreats into herself, and confronts the one truth she was determined to ignore.
Her conviction didn't matter.
She will never find anything good for her in this world.
That last hope is dyed black now, drowned in despair, forgotten.
What else would happen?
What was her hope for?
Idiocy. Tiresome, blind idiocy.
Tiresome effort.
Tiresome memories.
Tiresome existence.
Tiresome, awful, sick of it. Sick of this, sick of herself, sick of everything in this never-ending, mocking play.
Miracles? No...
She'd said it herself. This world is hell.
And she knows this, from the fractured ideas of worlds dead and gone: even angels can one day fall and awaken to demonic form.
The girl in light is just like that.
In a turn final and damning, what was once a mere pit inside her chest is clawed and spread.
It wastes, decays all through in an instant, leaving instead a cold and endless chasm.
As the darkness within it creeps out to coat her insides and choke her thoughts, she sees Hikari very clearly.
Sees her gaze darting to the shard—sees the panic, the clear knowledge in her eyes.
The girl knows.
And now she can't face her opposite's stare, won't say a word though she sees clearly.
You're unnerved? Unsettled? Unabashed.
Unforgivable.
That anger twists into hate and loathing, spilling over and arriving in her eyes.
Wicked betrayer; wicked, wicked place.
She tightens her grasp on her parasol, looking past the shard to Hikari, who is standing still.
Frozen in place, surely, because her ill intentions have been exposed.
It's worth laughing about.
Tairitsu's eyes narrow, and she excises the remains of those burgeoning emotions the girl had begun to cultivate within her.
With finality she is emptied, and with that, she knows what she must do.
But this mirror is still one-way, and thus her anger as well.
Hikari is unable to see within this peculiar shard at all.
Unaware, she can only watch in confusion as Tairitsu's countenance drains more and more of color.
A sense of danger wells up in her, and though she can't understand why, she can feel it there.
In fact, shadows now seem to be crawling up from the earth, light perishing at their touch.
Darkness nears her, and her breathing shortens. She takes a step back.
She almost can't believe it. She certainly doesn't want to.
Even after surviving the harrowing ordeal, that blinding light sky,
something terrible faces her again without reason.
But still, she had survived it.
And now she knows for certain that survival may not allow compromise.
With this thought in heart and mind, Hikari makes a damning mistake.
She reaches for the one piece of glass, the one that gave her comfort and direction in the midst of her lowest moment.
When she raises it to her chest, the hairs on the back of Tairitsu's neck rise up as well.
Fear pulsing through her, along with a conviction to never meet with tragedy again, Tairitsu closes the distance to Hikari in an instant, without warning, ready to once and for all firmly grab hold of her life.
A joyous landscape. For so long, she has walked through a ruined yet beautiful world, finding things and admiring them.
For so long she's traveled shepherding glass that the sky has become a mirror bending light as far as she can see, and shaped almost geodesically. The fantastic and glittering roof never leaves her, and with her surrounded by only fancies and goodness, the world has become endless bliss.
She traipses down a spiral staircase that once led into a manor, but the walls have now all fallen and memories replace them. It is all the better: she leaps out ahead and dashes the memories everywhere, basking in sparkling Arcaea that, when she finds them, float up to join the others in her artificial sky. So enraptured now, she laughs with cheer.
A flower, a kiss, a love, a birth: a life followed by a new life in a river of glass flies past her eyes and blends into the rest. She has seen this reflected countless times, and it still pleases her.
She gazes at the wall above. As they’ve come together, they’ve grown more vibrant.
She smiles, satisfied, before she wanders on again. And, as ever, heedless of all consequence.
They say that this is true: anything in excess is a poison. She either didn’t know, or hadn’t cared.
The girl now walks past what seemed to have been an old concert hall, the impact of its grandness dulled as it had been split perfectly in twain, as if some higher power had willed it so. Out of the tomb of sound drift memories again: of dances, of performance, hopes, victories.
Her mouth twitches. Has it simply become boring, or is this something else? She lifts her hands and the Arcaea come to her, gently weaving over her palms and through her fingers. Blankly she notes them. How many times has she seen the last hurrah of a retiring band? How many times has she seen two brothers embrace? Too many times she’s seen the formation of a love, so frequent it was apparently standard in old and forgotten worlds.
She lets the memories go, and genuinely thinks nothing of it.
They rise. They fly to join with the memories she’s still been gathering, and she looks at their destination now. It’s grown much brighter since she began her collecting. It seems to grow brighter every day...
How many days has it even been? She winces, and a grimace twists onto her face. She shakes it away.
Maybe she only needs more, then whatever is missing will be found. She calms herself and carries on, not letting it bother her that no matter what, she cannot push the Arcaea following her away.
“Heaven” is a kind of hell.
The truth is, idle peace and thoughtless pleasure are anathema to passion. Imbibing and imbibing of happy things endlessly dulls the senses and makes “happiness” indistinct, blurred, and ultimately without purpose. Now nothing has a purpose. She’d never had a purpose.
The sky is almost blinding.
She may be wandering, or she may be standing still; she isn’t sure and it doesn’t matter. The sky she’s made has her attention, but the memories within it can’t be sorted out.
It has all become an opaque and overpowering haze compelling emptiness. She is losing her self.
And as she is losing her self, she remains numb to the encroaching dissolution. Though she did not remember, she invited this pleasurable and suffocating cage, and she locked herself within it. Now she lacks even the will to worry.
The sky grows brighter and she loses more of herself. With little time for her left, she stares upward as if waiting. Bright, bright, bliss, beauty above: effulgent memory overtakes her.
Her mind whites out.
And, without meaning, light fades away.
Without meaning, time passes.
And a girl stares up into an empty sky, her mind ended, and thus her story along with it.
Hikari.
Tairitsu.
If they knew each other's names, if they even knew their own, would that change how they had felt from
then until now? “Light” and “Conflict”... Names so lofty, in a world so bizarre, so outlandish...
Would they have considered the meanings, and found different paths?
Or would any divergence, any turn or taking of a choice, any circumstance or odd spin of fortune's wheel
still have set the two girls into inevitable dissent and discord?
Hikari, who still does not know her name, would be unsure. Tairitsu, likewise, is however damned with
fateful knowledge, and knows dissent and discord between them will always be.
Nothing will change. Nothing would.
The girl in white and the girl in black cannot reconcile.
This, all of this, may only lead to—"Ah!"
Hikari's voice escapes her when the blade of her foe comes. She raises her hand at once, and with it,
glass strikes against glass. It holds, it shines—unbroken, and in her piece Hikari can see her own pale face,
agonized and frightened.
A heartfelt conversation has led to this—to a heart-pounding clash.
She takes a single step in retreat as her body bends from the force of the other girl's strength.
Her skin goes cold; she finds she can't breathe.
She realizes there, looking deep into the now-close eyes of the girl attacking her that her being attacked
is not the source of the fright clawing and gripping at her insides. It is not that, nor the fact she can
hardly resist as the push of Tairitsu's blade inches her own nearer and nearer to her taut neck. No. The sweat in her palm, the breath trapped in her lungs, it's all because the person before her—the girl
who had felt to her a tragic and sorrowful figure only moments before—seems now so utterly changed.
She is not the person she'd spoken to like a fellow and friend. In fact, she doesn't seem like a person at all.
Her stare is so purposeful, her jaw is unmoving, and those fingers of hers, clutched so tightly they're now
stained red—
Nothing but a beast garbed in black. A shade, brimming with malice.
