Remember what brought you here.
Remember the strange turns you needed to make, the great pains you've needed to take.
Mystery upon mystery, secret upon secret obfuscate the way...
Can you trust your, sole, ability to sift through the esoteric?
Come together, because this CANNOT be done alone.
It is my only wish...
Come together, save her life.
It bids you to stand up again.
As your heart collapses, can you say that striving on is something worth doing?
Nonsense...
Of course it is.
Betray that feeling.
Play traitor to despair.
I ask for your help now.
Seek the help of others...
Find the way together.
The earth comes to dust under the raging dance of two—
It shakes...
It buckles, it kneels...
It will not fall. You'd never let it—
No matter how many times we dance.
Her blade is aimed at the world's very core.
Her blade is aimed forward.
She is just.
She would have this world end.
Be driven down in chains and glass, and in glass reflection... won't you reflect upon yourself?
Won't you scream?
Won't you cry out?
Now, why would that matter?
Well?
Answer.
Stand up...Accept the sin that made you.
And here at the end, whisper one final wish.
Everything bows to you, after all...
Lift your hand. Wish.
She will be made to bow, too.
However only those who have witnessed a shattered sky can find the new horizon beyond it and, even then... the journey forward could never be made alone.
Having seen Eden, having Repented, your die is cast.
To the rest of you, make your choice.
The fate of the world lies in the hands of all those that remain.
Her fate, her life, lies in your hands.
HEAR it.
That deepest truth in you——grotesque.
That worth in you——never existed.
Panic. Fear. Anxiety. Caution—abandoned.
It is the end...and all you've done will be remembered.
—A world of white, a world of woe.
A great foe rears its head, a great spirit rises to face it.
The world bows down in supplication.
Come along this journey.
And so, one more step is taken on this journey.
It can't be much longer now.
A piece that leaves you feeling swept up in a current...
Depth. Fullness.
Caught in that flow, contemplate. Contend.
The stars in the sky... sometimes they become crossed.
...So what, precisely, should await us after?
It's been much too long, so hurry on!
One last light lurks within the dark
In legend, there was risk in grasping skyward.
"Reach for the Sun, ignite, and fall to the earth."
But...surely risk falls away in the face of a dream.
Be heedless. Soar into Heaven.
Another shape is revealed from behind the colorless fog......and, importantly, hopes for a blue sky.
Flicker with color, flicker with life, and prepare to take flight.
From there, can we create something again?
All is well.
For your sanity please shout your complaints out of your nearest window.
We take no responsibility for any upset
The road has been long, and it will reach where it has always headed.
You've known where that is for quite some time.
That moment which turns the world over......it awaits.