Which is why I say: The story, and the choices, or what have you, and therefore by becoming it is!
Blah, blah, blah, rah, rah, rah...
No, no! Until two hundred and forty five!
Here and there, forward and back, and never a moment before lunchtime
It's the only thing there is! How many billion years until so much more than forever ago!
But the logic of elimination, working backwards, the deduction thereby becomes impossible to manufacture.
It went for nearly ten thousand years, until just yesterday.
It can't be!
At which time, everything all at once, so now you see?
So on and so forth, until inevitably we all until the end of time.
We've eaten too much, and it can't be just yet.
From the ashes of depravity rises the phoenix of quality. How else to describe "The Stanley Parable: Ultra Deluxe"? Such a revolutionary step forward in the lineage of one of the most beloved game properties of all time! The additions and changes made to this expansion will surely resonate in the annals of the history of all media ever made. It is perhaps true to say that no mistakes are forever etched in stone, for the stone into which the Stanley Parable was carved has itself been transmuted, offering a message of hope to those who have ever erred in their judgement. You are not beyond redemption. You may change, and you may become more, so much more than you were before. If there is any message to be taken from "The Stanley Parable: Ultra Deluxe", it is this... what a fortune, a privilege, a joy it is to have had such an experience it leaves me hopeful that as a community as a world, there is time for us to become our greatest selves, as great as we ever could dream of in our wildest, most ambitious visions for a brighter future.
manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise manifesto treatise
